well I'm joined right now by who he
himself not who nee who is returning to
na LCS but who he who never left who he
let's talk a little bit about CLG this
year you've had several changes to the
roster a couple different people left a
couple different people joined what was
the offseason life for you and maybe
what was your perspective on all those
guys joining so we changed our jungle in
support or jungle is right over now and
our support is by a frost and I think
they're both like really positive
players really driven have a lot of
talents on what they're doing like they
already won like several championships
whenever won a lot of championships same
as bio for us so I feel like right now
always the those kind of personalities
like we are like one of the top teams
and it's just a matter of how fast we
can synergize each other and how like
what chemistry we can bring on as a team
you know I think I asked maybe darshan
this question but historically people
have looked at the TSM and CLG rivalry
is like the main rivalry do you think
that this year you know who would you
identify a clg's rival or the team that
you want to beat a rival well I won't
say like I write our arrival isn't
ourselves like it's just a matter of
like if I can be better per person than
yesterday
like if I can be a better player than
yesterday so that's what it all matters
so it's more about just improving
personally and as a team yes speaking of
rivalries and improving as a team
darshan also predicted that at the end
of the split you guys would be in first
place do you agree with that statement
yes whenever I asked you the other
players like darshan always makes these
bold predictions and I asked the players
if they agree with them and you guys
just always go like yeah you know
I feel like you're lacking confidence
when you say yes yes we'll be the first
place and and the split anyone say
it was really cool you know okay it's
like 65 degrees out here so I can
understand why you're freezing no you
know I'm I'm also notice that there are
a great deal of new mid laners that are
coming into the analysis a couple of
guys coming over from Europe what do you
think of that as a mid-laner yourself
well there are new players but they're
kind of not because they've played
previously okay there are different
players but I don't know like honestly
like it doesn't really make me nervous
facing them I don't know I just I feel
even more confident because now I've ran
the rise my jungler oh we standardized
Purdue wall we both speak Koreans like
we're a really good friend we work with
each other really well like we criticize
each other real easily so oh no I just
see like us going up and up instead of
like worrying about oh there's this new
big names coming in I'm worried like
that's not my issue right now yeah what
do you think are the best of one change
um I personally really liked it instead
two bits of strays because I thought to
base of trees was just too much for us
because I can never really watch all the
games of LCS and it's just sucked for
whoever played on Friday's match and
then right after we had to play Saturday
match so whoever we played on Saturday
will have a lot of information of like
how we were gonna draft and how we were
gonna play that week so I kind of felt
unfair whenever that happened if it
happened several times last play for us
especially and for me the best of one
just makes a lot more sense so that
viewers have like less to follow so it's
really easier to get in
- so that's a really positive part and
also any like international tournament
rolls and IMSA are we have a good stage
that is best of one so it's also
practicing for that group stage and when
we go to play off that one we have a
best-of-five which is exactly the same
format that we're gonna have in
international tournament so I don't
think it hurts the competitive side at
all
speaking of international tournaments
2016 CLG at international tournaments
alone competing on the international
stage but unfortunately you were not
able to have that happen in 2017 you
know what what will be different about
the team in 2018 or what changes do you
think will allow you to get back to the
international stage so I think the major
like the biggest change for me is that
everyone is so driven but like that
drive like will affect our consistent
Ennis like before we lacked some
consistency like people will have a
great day and that will be like well in
great days like we'll beat every other
teams but the problem is how we can keep
up with like the great days right we
couldn't really control those because
there will be moments that people were
sad or like people were not feeling
great because of some other reasons
outside of the game and I feel like
what's this seems like it's a lot more
in control everyone knows like how to
control like the balance between work
and others emotional parts so that it
doesn't really affect how we practice
and our practice is really consistent
and like we're always kind of moving
forward instead of like gaining backward
so every talking about CLG TSM cloud9
Team Liquid but I think once again you
kind of have this weird thing where
people aren't sure how to evaluate the
other teams if you had to pick a dark
horse or you know a team that you think
people should be watching out of those
other six who would you pick a dark
horse
[Music]
cos you are in the four that i just
mentioned
you can't I just said you can't beat one
of those four but I want all this ball I
[Laughter]
if I have to just want our course it
will be I'll say 100 thieves because of
a firm is my boy okay you guys still
have a good relationship yeah that's
good to hear
yeah it does seem like there's a lot of
teammates now all over the place right
you've got xmithie over on Team Liquid
you've got afro on and thieves yeah it's
just like CLG is spawning players across
all these different teams so it'll be
interesting to see how this year looks
and I'm pretty excited for it is there
anything that you would like to say
tuning the fans Hui
hello fence there will be a lot of
changes and we'll have to figure out
lots of things with our new players and
since our shock : leader left we also
have a big shoes to fill on and people
were pretty worried about it but I will
say like just trust on us and we'll
always figure out the way to go which is
the first place and being the best so
we'll always make you guys proud on the
rift and hope you guys will keep
supporting us and new jersey check out
the records of all these esports right
here on my youtube channel welcome at
thank you everyone for the support I
hope you enjoyed that interview I really
appreciate all the support that I have
gotten from folks over the past couple
of weeks if you'd like to support me you
can do so over at Travis Khafre comm
slash support